You may have already mentioned this,
can you scroll up really quick?
>> Where?
>> For your imports.
>> Imports, yeah.
>> So I have this too, text/template,
and then there's also html/template.
Did we want html/template for
this since we're passing in the html?
>> No, for these is same,
but it's interesting.
Yeah, it's the same, should work anyway.
Yeah.
>> Is dot in template a kind of type?
>> Is dot kind of type?
So no, dot is a reference to the object,
to the value that you're sending as
the second argument of your execute.
So it's not the type,
it's actually the value.
In this case, it's a string,
so it looks weird.
Most of the time you won't be passing
a value, a number or a string,
you will be passing an object or a slice,
so then the dot makes more sense.
I will do it right now,
actually that's the next step.
So the next step is to create.
We're going to create
the data structure for
serving all these exhibitions
from this museum.
Right now, they are actually in JSON.
So if you go in the public folder,
in gallery we have data.json,
that's the JSON.
We could read the JSON and
use our marshal solutions
to have it back, that's one option.
We can do that because we have
already been playing with JSON.
We can just create like static for now,
structure in Go with that information.
Remember it can come from a database,
of course there are libraries
not within Go but external libraries
to connect to MySQL, SQLite,
SQL Server, Oracle,
other no SQL databases as well, MongoDB.
So you can connect with most of
the stuff by using libraries.
So I will create though
another package now.
In fact, how many package do
I have right now in my app?
Only one, main.
Okay, so be careful,
not every folder is a package,
that was the tricky part of the question.
So let's create a data folder, and
within here I can create an exhibitions.go
file for the package data.
What happens if you copy and
paste the JSON and
try to convert it into
a normal Go based structure?
It works, it's not actually a big deal,
we can do that.
Remember, we can read
the JSON it's not a big deal.
Or just because this is
kind of boring we can go
to GitHub, and
I already have that for you.
github.com Frontend Go Fundamentals.
In femmuseum we already
have on data exhibitions.go
the list, we can just take that part only.
It's just the JSON but,
With, Let's say, Go format.
And what's exhibition?
Exhibition is the type that we need to
create, I don't have that type yet.
So I can also copy and paste it,
but let's write it, that's useful.
So I'm going to create the new type,
exhibition,
that is going to be a structure
with a title string,
description string, and
image string, okay.
It looks like JSON, the only problem
is that we don't use here quotes.
That if you paste the JSON,
the JSON has quotes for the key names or
the property names, so you need to go and
remove them one by one.
And also some weird thing that
I'm not sure you will like is
that the trailing comma is mandatory.
So if you try to remove
the trailing commas,
you can see that image has a trailing
comma even if there is no other property.
And also there is a trailing comma at
the end of the collection, it's mandatory.
So you always need to
have a trailing comma,
does anyone think on a reason
of why they did that this way?
>> At least the reason we
did it at my last job was so
that if someone added other
things afterward it wouldn't
count that line as a line
with a change in GitHub.
>> Yeah, that's one reason.
Also because just to avoid the problem
of forgetting the comma and
giving you an error, so simplicity.
Remember the three goals of Go,
make things simple, to execute fast, and
combine fast, this is simplicity.
It looks weird the first time because
yeah, I don't have any property so
why I need a trailing comma?
Well, yeah, you need a trailing comma,
just in case in the future.
Because we know even if you don't
think that you will add a property,
in the future there is a good chance
that you will add a property to that
structure, okay.
Cool, so it's complaining because we
are not using the list yet, which is okay.
And this is list with lowercase l,
I did this on purpose,
that means it's not exported.
Just to show you that we can implement
the pattern of, for example,
creating a getter.
So I can create a function
GetAll that returns a slice of
exhibition values and
I'm going to return the list.
Similar to what you do in Java or
C# when you have a private property and
then you create a getter and a setter.
Does it make sense?
Remember this is the constructor
of a slice of exhibition.
The constructor angle is
always curly braces, so
it's not actually a square brackets
as an array in JSON, a reminder.
We have the type first and
then we open curly braces, and
that's the constructor of types in Go.
Okay, so now we have the data.
Actually what I want,
going back to main.go,
is instead of sending test I
wanna send something from data.
We're going to start simple, and what
we're going to do is to talk with data.
That's our package that we need to import,
so when I select return, I press return,
it's adding me the import.
We are going to Get All, and
I'm going to say sub-zero.
So I'm going to start passing
only the first element, or
it doesn't need to be the first,
we can sub one if you want, so any one.
Just one element,
let's try first with one element.
So now the template is
receiving as data source
one of these exhibition options, values.
So now if you go to the template file dot,
it's not going to work,
it will show me the full
contents of that object.
What I need to use here,
well first let me remove that.
And now I need to replace h2,
instead of that Life in
Ancient Greek reference I'm going
to use double curly braces and
use dot and the property name.
Being the property name,
title, okay, dot title.
And now the dot makes more sense
because that standalone dot
wasn't kind of interesting, okay.
Because most of the time you are passing
a value that is a struct, so and
then you use dot and
the name of the property.
Of course, we are going to do
the same on the paragraph.
So I'm going to remove all
the contents from that p element and
I'm going to say .Description.
And for the image,
I think that in the data we don't have
the image forward slash,
it's just the file name.
So I can just go and
replace only after the forward slash,
can I do that within an attribute in HTML?
Yes, because the template is
not actually reading HTML.
This is different from
the Angular template.
In the Angular template,
Angular knows if you are in a text node or
if you are in an attribute, okay.
Now everything is a string.
We are just working with the strings here,
so
you can just replace things at any moment.
If this works, let's see,
I need to stop my server,
run the server again and try it.
To refresh template, I'm going to
see Aristotle with the right image.
And that's actually embedded in the HTML,
it's not JavaScript.
We've removed the JavaScript,
it's actually embedded in the HTML.
This is server-side render.